Welcome to Plants for Life! Our goal is to make gardening and planting as simple and easy as possible for everyone. Many plant applications today require subscriptions
in order to keep track of plants and to find information on them. With Plants for Life, the user will be able to find the most important information concerning the specific 
crop, while being able to keep track of them in their named garden. All for free. They will also be able to add and remove as many plants as possible from or to their garden.
The user will also have weekly reminders of the most crucial steps to ensure a healthy, happy plant. Now here are the 

1.	Run Main.java
2.	Click “Create an Account” 
3.	Fill out New User Registration
a.	John
b.	Doe
c.	John1@utsa.edu
d.	John1
e.	12345
f.	12345
g.	Click the “Create Account” button
4.	Continue to fill out New Field Registration
a.	Field Name: Backyard
b.	Location of Field: Backyard
c.	Date: 05/05/2021
d.	Click “Create Field” button
5.	Add following crops to field:
a.	Click on Corn
i.	Click the “add crop” 
ii.	Click the “View Crop Information” button
iii.	Click the “Back” button once finished reviewing information
b.	Click on Cherry
i.	Click the “add crop” 
ii.	Click the “View Crop Information” button
iii.	Click the “Back” button once finished reviewing information
c.	Click the “Done” button
6.	Click “Logout”
7.	Rerun Main.java
8.	Log in with the following information:
a.	Username: John1
b.	Password: 1234
i.	This is to display the apps response to an incorrect password
c.	Password: 12345
9.	Add/Remove the following crops:
a.	Click on cherry and click the “Remove” button
b.	Click the “add” button
c.	Now click one Wheat
i.	Click the “add crop” 
ii.	Click the “View Crop Information” button
iii.	Click the “Back” button once finished reviewing information
d.	Click the “Done” button
10.	On the left side, check the following boxes in Weekly Checklist:
a.	Check off “Water each of your plants”
b.	Check off “Check crops for signs of pests or animals”
11.	Review the Plant Tip of the Day
12.	Click the “Logout” button

Thank you for time and we hope you enjoyed the tutorial to our app! 
